Change how the agent version is retrieved for diagnose (#744)
appsignal/appsignal-elixir: .changesets/diagnose-report-now-gets-the-agent-version-from-the-agent-file.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "change"
---

> The diagnose report now gets the agent version from the agent file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagnose library report now reports the agent version from the committed agent file, rather than the downloaded version, which is reported in the installation report.
```
